# Overview: Geographic Spread of Seasonal Flu -Clarke Miller MADA Project

This project explores the geographic and temoral dependence of seasonal flu outbreaks.   

# Project Structure and Content:

This project is divided into a folder structure. The following is a brief description of the contents. See the `readme` files in each folder for more details.


* The `assets` folder contains static assets like manually generated schematics/diagrams, bibtex files, csl style files, PDFs of references, and other such content. These assets are not code-based and are not generated by code.

* All code relating to the project is in the `code` folder and subfolders. There are 3 sub-folders that do different parts of an analysis: Analyisis, Eda, and Processing. The folders contain files that do the data cleaning and analysis to illustrate the overall setup and workflow. See the readme files in those folders for details.

* All data for the project is in the `data` folder and subfolders. There are 2 sub-folders that contain different versions of the project data.  Raw project data is in the "raw-data" folder.  This folder contains raw data (VIW_FNT_CM.xlsx) including the metadata/codebook (VIW_FLU_METADATA.csv). 

* The `products` folder and its subfolders contains deliverables, including the project manuscript/report, supplementary materials, slide decks, posters, Shiny web apps, etc.

* The `results` folder contains automatically/code generated output for the project. This includes figures, tables saved as serialized R data (`.Rds`) files, computed values and other outputs. 

* There are multiple special files in the repo.
  * `readme.md`: this file contains instructions or details about the folder it
  is located in. You are reading the project-level `README.md` file right now. There is a `readme` in almost every folder.

